Enhance readme docs (#616)
lxc/linuxcontainers.org: README.md

    185.5.3.12:8777

> ## LXD Documentation
> 
> To generate LXD Documentation html, checkout the LXD Repository from https://github.com/lxc/lxd and run `make doc`: 
> 
>     git checkout https://github.com/lxc/lxd
>     cd lxd
>     make doc
> 
> The command will emit to the ./doc/html/ folder. Its contents can be copied into the output folder created by `./generate`:
> 
>     mkdir -p output/lxd/docs/master
>     cp -R ../lxd/doc/html/* output/lxd/docs/master/
> 
> This needs to be repeated after `./generate` runs, because it cleans the output folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## LXD documentation

To generate the HTML of the LXD documentation, check out the LXD repository from https://github.com/lxc/lxd and run `make doc`: 

    git checkout https://github.com/lxc/lxd
    cd lxd
    make doc

The command writes the HTML output to the `./doc/html/` folder. Copy its contents into the output folder created by `./generate`:

    mkdir -p output/lxd/docs/master
    cp -R ../lxd/doc/html/* output/lxd/docs/master/

You must repeat this process after `./generate` runs, because it cleans the output folder.
```

> ## Manpages
> 
> To generate the manpages run the specific tool, for LXC:
> 
>     lxc manpage manpages/lxc/
> 
> Ensure `man2html` is installed, and `./generate` will call it and inject the main menu on top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Man pages

To generate the man pages, run the specific tool. For example, for LXD:

    lxc manpage manpages/lxc/

Ensure that `man2html` is installed. `./generate` calls this tool and injects the main menu on top.

To install `man2html`:
```
